## What has been implemented?
Our group has implemented a filter that consists of popularity range and music genre. By dragging the scale of popularity range and selecting one or more music genres, users can customize the data and the graphs that the music explorer app provides. After filtering for popularity range and music genre, we have added a feature that displays the number of songs that are selected based on the user's filter selection. The count of songs is shown in the bar plot, which makes it easy for users to interpret.

Furthermore, We have also implemented a line chart that displays the popularity trend of artists over the years based on the popularity range and music genre filter(1960-2020). Within this feature, we enabled the users to use a dropdown menu to further select the specific artist and see the respective personalized graph. Users can interact with this line chart by moving their mouses on to the dots which contains information of the genre, artist and song title. Lastly, in order to provide useful insights on the relationship between music features and popularity, we implemented a feature that allows users to explore. After selecting a music feature that one wants to explore, such as danceability, liveliness or loudness, our app will show a scatterplot that demonstrates the relationship between popularity and the selected music feature. Users can also interact with this scatterplot.

Our dashboard can not only provide useful information regarding popularity of music and music features, but also serve as an interactive and fun platform for music lovers to explore on.

## Limitations & Future Improvements
In terms of future improvements, firstly we will polish our coding and eliminate any current errors. Right now, in plot 3 (the interactive scatterplot between popularity and music features), once a selected music feature is de-selected, an error message appears. We will work on eliminating this accident and improve the user experience with this feature.

Next, the interactive features we have added so far are only limited to individual graphs, and there is no interaction between the features we have implemented so far. Ideally, if users can select one thing on one of our graphs and be able to see changes in all three graphs, user experience can be improved significantly.

Lastly, one more future improvement that we aim to do is to have a feature in the dashboard that is able to generate personalized recommendations for users. The recommendation will be based on their typical music taste, such as genres they like, music categories they identify with, etc. With this feature added, users will find the dashboard much more informative and helpful. Due to the time limit, it might be difficult to finish the implementation of this feature.
